[AI-4814] DDSaaS: Silverstripe CMS: Integration v1.0.0 (#19364)
DataDog/integrations-core: silverstripe_cms/README.md

## Setup

### Installation

The Silverstripe CMS integration is included in the [Datadog Agent package][1]. No additional installation is necessary.

### Get Database credentials from Silverstripe CMS
| **Parameter**        | **Description**                                            |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Database Type        | The type of database server, either MySQL or PostgreSQL.   |
| Database Name        | The name of the configured database.                       |
| Database Username    | The username used to connect to the database.              |
| Database Password    | The password associated with the database user.            |
| Database Server IP   | The IP address of the database server.                     |
| Database Port        | The Port Number of the database server.                    |

### Connect your Silverstripe CMS account to agent

1. Copy the `conf.yaml.example` file.
  ```sh
  cp /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/silverstripe_cms.d/conf.yaml.example /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/silverstripe_cms.d/conf.yaml

>   ```

Reviewer: updated

2. Add this configuration block to your `silverstripe_cms.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your metrics.
   - See the sample [silverstripe_cms.d/conf.yaml][2] for available configuration options.

>    - Example for the conf.yaml when multiple instances of Silverstripe CMS are configured:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - If you need to configure multiple instances of Silverstripe CMS in the `conf.yaml` file, reference the following example:
```

Reviewer: updated

     ```yaml
       init_config:
       instances:

>          - SS_DATABASE_TYPE: PostgreSQL

Reviewer 3: NIT:
The configuration parameters look to be like they could be used as environment variables and that may be confusing to customers.

Reviewer: replaced SS_DATABASE_TYPE with SILVERSTRIPE_DATABASE_TYPE

           SS_DATABASE_NAME: <DATABASE_NAME_1>
           SS_DATABASE_SERVER_IP: <IPV4>
           SS_DATABASE_PORT: <PORT_NUMBER>
           SS_DATABASE_USERNAME: <USERNAME_1>
           SS_DATABASE_PASSWORD: <PASSWORD_1>
           min_collection_interval: 300
         - SS_DATABASE_TYPE: MySQL
           SS_DATABASE_NAME: <DATABASE_NAME_2>
           SS_DATABASE_SERVER_IP: <IPV4>
           SS_DATABASE_PORT: <PORT_NUMBER>
           SS_DATABASE_USERNAME: <USERNAME_2>
           SS_DATABASE_PASSWORD: <PASSWORD_2>
           min_collection_interval: 300
     ```

> 3. Install the third-party dependent Python package:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Install the package for the third-party Python dependency `sqlalchemy`:
```

Reviewer: updated

   - Linux:
     ```sh
     sudo -Hu dd-agent /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install "sqlalchemy>=2.0.36"
     ```
   - Windows:
     ```sh
     "%programfiles%\Datadog\Datadog Agent\embedded3\python.exe" -m pip install "sqlalchemy>=2.0.36"
     ```

> 4. [Restart the Agent.][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. [Restart the Agent][3].
```

Reviewer: done

### Validation

> - [Run the Agent's status subcommand][4] and look for `silverstripe_cms` under the Checks section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Run the Agent's status subcommand][4] and look for `silverstripe_cms` under the **Checks** section.
```

Reviewer: done

- Alternatively, use the following command to obtain detailed information about the integration:

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
    ```sh
~~~

Reviewer: added

    sudo datadog-agent check silverstripe_cms
    ```

> - This Check returns OK if all the configurations are correct and the Agent is able to communicate with Silverstripe CMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The check returns OK if all the configurations are correct and the Agent is able to communicate with Silverstripe CMS.
```

Reviewer: done

## Data Collected

### Log

The Silverstripe CMS integration does not include any logs.

### Metrics

The Silverstripe CMS integration collects and forwards the following metrics to Datadog.

{{< get-metrics-from-git "silverstripe_cms" >}}

### Service Checks

The Silverstripe CMS includes service checks that are listed in the [service_checks.json][5] file.

### Events

- `Silverstripe.CMS.silverstripe_cms_authentication` triggered for authentication of the provided parameters.

## Uninstallation

For integrations running on the Agent:

> - Fully remove the integration by following the datadog-agent integration remove command. More information can be found [here][6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fully remove the integration using the `datadog-agent integration remove` command. For more information, see [Integration management][6].
```

Reviewer: updated
